OK.
This is a quick design video just to let you know what it is that we're building before in the next
video.
Sam is going to be talking to you about the architecture of how do we go about organizing our code.
So what I want you to know just at this point about our game design is that we will be implementing
the pretty much the same game as in the previous iteration of the course.
If you're familiar with that great if not no worries.
Well we have a fixed camera that moves with a player and a click to move system similar to games like
Diablo 3 which has got this really rich dive in battle a whole bunch of enemies and immersive world
game like Torchlight 2 we took a lot of inspiration from the look of the world but also the characters
with all the weapons they can pick up and the enemies and the progression through a bunch of worlds
and also a very simple why shouldn't say simple but a very clean mobile game which is called Battle
hot legacy which I like a lot made by just a couple of people I think might be a husband and wife team
and they've made a really rich experience without having a ton of features.
So I know that if you're a solo or a small indie team that it's not useful for us to try to create a
gigantic game we want to make something that we actually can create and produce and launch in later
sections of the course.
We'll be digging a lot deeper into game design taking a lot more about for our game how we came up with
the game design about the character and the story and the the worlds and progression and the stats and
balancing our spreadsheets and level design all those things that really go into making a great experience.
And the reason I'd like to bunch it all together is that if you're interested in that you can really
dive deep and really say what am I going to do with my game.
How I'm going to make my game really interesting and exciting to work on.
If you're not as interested in the game design and you hear a lot more for the knowledge of how to improve
my programming or how do I get deeper knowledge of unity then that's cool you can go quicker through
the game design stuff or maybe even skip it if it's not your thing that's totally cool.
So in the next section we will be diving in as quickly as we can and getting our hands dirty because
I know you're eager to get in there and let's make some stuff.
Let's let's talk listen and get in there and do.
And that will be coming up after just one or two more introduction and set up videos.
OK I'll see you again very soon.